# Chapters 1-2

## [0. Introductions](https://doc.rust-lang.org/book/title-page.html)

`edition="2018"` is used. Some old Rust code may use 2015 edition.

`rustup docs --book` opens Rust Book locally if `rustup` is installed.

> ... introducing parallelism in Rust is a relatively low-risk operation:
> the compiler will catch the classical mistakes for you.

Elixir also provides safe parallelism, but doing it in a different way
which is impossible in Rust. And Rust way seems to be impossible in Elixir.

> ... Rust allows you to build skills that transfer from one domain to another;
> you can learn Rust by writing a web app,
> then apply those same skills to target your Raspberry Pi.

Nothing special about Rust here. Just a trait of a well adopted common purpose language like C++ or C#.
More focused languages like Elixir/Ruby can provide more advantages in a specific area, but definetely lacks flexibility.

## [1. Getting Started](https://doc.rust-lang.org/book/ch01-00-getting-started.html)

`rustup` is preferrable way to install Rust. Seems that's it's better not to use Homebrew even to install `rustup`.
Don't forget to update your `.bashrc` or `.zshrc` like it described in instruction.

`rustup doc` -> `Rust by Example` - is a good way to remember things without rereading a lot of text.

Hello World:

```rust
fn main() { // entrypoint function
    println!("Hello, world!"); // it's a macro, not function
}
```

Basic Cargo usage:

* `cargo new project_name` - create simple project structure.
* `Cargo.toml` - project configuration
* `cargo build`, `cargo run`, `cargo check`, `cargo build --release` - essential cargo commands for the first time

## [2. Programming a Guessing Game](https://doc.rust-lang.org/book/ch02-00-guessing-game-tutorial.html)

TODO
